
“This is where the forgotten becomes foundational.”
Version 1.0 — Authored by Jordan | DRTv1

Abstract
DRT_Refinery is a minimalist Ethereum smart contract protocol designed to reclaim the smallest units of value—Wei—that are otherwise lost to transaction rounding, unused gas margins, and wallet dust. The protocol creates a dignified, trustless destination for Ethereum’s microfragments, converting discarded value into a pooled reserve usable by the DRT ecosystem and beyond. In doing so, DRT_Refinery honors what the network forgot and elevates it to purpose.

The Problem
Every Ethereum wallet, contract, and transaction contains residual Wei—fractions of ETH so small they are ignored, unreadable in wallets, or trapped in contracts without reclaim mechanisms. Left unchecked, this “value dust” accumulates across the network:

Abandoned balances in user wallets

Remainders from ETH-to-token swaps

Failed transactions leaving behind partial refunds

Tokens or DAOs issuing micro-payouts too small to claim

These fragments—often totaling tens of thousands or even hundreds of ETH over time—are rendered useless by UI rounding, gas costs, or neglect.

The Solution: DRT_Refinery.sol
DRT_Refinery provides a clean, autonomous, and gas-efficient endpoint for donating, redirecting, or aggregating dust. It is:

Lean — Under 24 lines of code

Transparent — Emits every contribution as a public Refined() event

Modular — Plug into any vault, minting contract, or wallet extension

Purposeful — Aggregates micro-value into usable, visible pools

Core Contract Logic
solidity
Copy code
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
// DRT_Refinery.sol
// This is where the forgotten becomes foundational.

contract DRT_Refinery {
    event Refined(address indexed from, uint256 amount);

    receive() external payable {
        require(msg.value < 1e9, "Too much to be dust");
        emit Refined(msg.sender, msg.value);
    }
}
Integration Opportunities
sETH Vaults
Redirect rounding errors or small leftover ETH fragments from vault mint/burn cycles

DRT Trading Contracts
On buy/sell events, forward unusable Wei amounts to DRT_Refinery

AutoTweet Protocol
Use Refined() events as tweet triggers to log community contributions in real-time

Wallet Extensions
Dust sweep buttons in Metamask/Rabby redirect microbalances to the refinery for good

Airdrop or DAO Projects
Micro-dividends or failed payouts are redirected to the refinery to reduce clutter

Governance & Control
Initially, the DRT_Refinery address will send received ETH to a secure treasury (multi-sig or vault). Future iterations may:

Auto-convert Wei to Gwei-backed utility tokens (cGWEI)

Redirect to charitable pools or shared redistribution contracts

Be governed by the DRT DAO for transparent use of recovered funds

Philosophy
DRT_Refinery embodies the core DRT ethos:

Open source or no source.
No fragment forgotten.

It does not seize value—it receives it with purpose.
It does not lock value—it reactivates it for the benefit of the system.
It proves that even one Wei matters.

License
MIT License — Fully open source, free to fork, modify, and redistribute with attribution.

Final Note
The Ethereum network has forgotten millions in dust.
DRT_Refinery remembers it.
And turns it into foundation.
Waste not, want not.
